Chandra Banu Tata
During this sprint I have tested the Login page as well as help resolve problems occurred with the code.
Email Format is working as expected and throws an error whenever an incorrect format is given.
Whenever only email is given and clicked on login it shows an error as password required.
Password is hidden whenever its typed.
Whenever invalid email and password are given and clicked on login then an error is given as Invalid login
Once Login is sucessful with valid credentials the login url is disabled and logout is appeared.

Himaja Parachuri-Test Registration Page
Email field is working currently in registration page.
Password is hidden in the  register page.
Confirm password is working hidden correctly in the register page.
Once logged in Registration page and Login Page is hidden and Logout link with email along with User name is shown.


Hema Sree Rathnam Machha:
Whenever user tries to open List Page they are redirected to Login Page 

When a user clicks on List Page without any login then the user is redirected to login page.
Email and password are required for the user to able to view List of books.
Similar login Page validations are applied here like the Email format and Password requirements along with mandatory field validations.
Once the user logins in sucessfully he would be able to view the list of books available.

Whenever user tries to open Create Page they are redirected to Login Page

When a user clicks on Create Page without any login then the user is redirected to login page.
Email and password are required for the user to be able to create available books.
Similar login Page validations are applied here like the Email format and Password requirements along with mandatory field validations.
Once the user logins in sucessfully he would be able to create the list of books available.

Himaja Parachuri-Access to Login Page and Registration Page
There is access to login page and registration page directly whenever user clicks on the register or login.
User needs to enter their email and create a password to register.
User can login by entering username and password.

Chandra Banu Tata
Once a user is logged in they are able to open List Page
After the user logged in then only they can be able to open the list page and can view the list of available books.

Once a user is logged in they are able to open Registration Page
When the user logins sucessfully then they are not able to open the registration page.
The registration page is opened before the login done by the user.


Himaja Parachuri-Testing Registration Page after styling
User is able to open the Registration Page after the styling and able to register with the user details.
User is able to register by entering the email and password.
Password is hidden while entering in the registration page.


Chandra Bhanu Tata -Testing Login Page after styling
Login Page opens successfully when the user enter the email and password.
User is able to login after styling in the login page.
Password is hidden after styling in the login page.

Himaja Parachuri-Testing User Redirection After Login 
User is redirected to the page they have selected before login when they try to open the create or list tabs.
Testing Remote validation 
The remote validation is Working Correctly on Registration Page.
